they are on the Gold Coast in Queensland
at the headquarters of jet pilot with
the owner Darren it up welcome Derek hey
how are you yeah good the jet pilot here
is quite good we've been using it for a
few years now tell me how did it start
holla back in 1986 there were four
guys that were heavily involved with the
u.s. motor crossing and two of them were
professional kawasaki motocross athletes
and they spent a lot of time traveling
globally and with their cows i could
contract to sweeten the deal they
actually were given to stand up
watercraft and in that time they realize
that there was a specific product that
actually suited the needs of the sport
people were just wearing surf suits and
wearing voting life jackets that had no
comfort no function so they actually
decided to trademark the name jet pilot
based off jet ski and they took the word
eyelid also from racing in Europe
because the motocross athletes over
there will toward moto pilots that's how
they combine the name jet pilot and
making this specific product to suit the
name through to be a great content and
the branches continue to grow now we're
into our 26th year and it's been you
know a tremendous ride and tell me about
the design do you have people here in
how to do the designing for the local
market yeah we actually have five
designers here in Australia and we're
very specific to what the needs are here
the retailer's here give us actually
very good feedback and then our pro
athletes we travel with them we really
listen to what their needs are to be
really in contact with where the water
sports industry is going do you find at
the local designers we can compile the
Australian standards we've heavily
invested in do our
licensed directly with Australian
standards so we can be completely up to
date with where the laws and the
regulations are going towards Paul del
gym has been really aware of the
Australian standards and how we can
actually innovate with design and gives
a real a debrief to our design team in
relation that's driving our brand
forward with the products we do we've
done a good job there at actually given
people a really innovative product that
does comply and this season especially
we're very excited about the new range I
think we've seen the gear evolved a lot
over the period as you say from
motocross to now really dedicated
personal watercraft here we constantly
want to look for materials that give
better comfort and function and innovate
the industry because when you are
writing a watercraft you genuinely do
have your arms forward your backs arched
and we try to anatomically prebend our
suits to put you in that comfort
position while doing the sport well that
means you're designing suits
specifically for watercraft and you're
not just going to take a surf suit and
then put it on the market that's really
good for us as Ron's that that's been
the brand's you know direction for all
these years every single season we are
changing our entire product range to
suit the needs of where we see the
market today
you recommend people get fitted out for
their suits and Pfc when they visit a
retail ever as opposed to buying online
I personally think with wetsuits and
life jackets they're so form-fitting
these days it's very difficult for
somebody like yourself to know where
there are a medium large or XL by buying
online so if you're out in the salt all
day and you're in the Sun all day and
you have a product that doesn't fit
you'll turn up with the worst rash and
different issues that you can have with
the product so we're working hard on
that comfort for a day for a full day
use what innovations are you coming up
with we make this for recreational
riders we make this then are going to be
out on the craft for longer periods of
time so we have to make a best now that
it has a built-in kidney belt and also
that has pillion passenger handles on
the sides of this gives the person that
is riding with you more of a comfort
ride and it just means that the person
the pillion passenger behind who doesn't
have to right reach right around your
body and smack their chin on the back of
your neck all day now these handles keep
them away from your body and ensures you
both have a comfortable and safe ride
walking through the facility today it's
quite modern it's very bright and I see
the staff embraced it they're all
wearing jet pilot here it's good to see
your staff support the ground yeah we
really try to continue to innovate the
brand and its graphic designs and stay
in trend with where the marketplace is
and I think the first thing is if your
personnel are wearing it because you're
hitting it on the right buttons and the
Australian office has really taken off
and we've been able to build a nice
solid team here and dumb the brand's
really progress very well so I'm very
happy with it well guys that was really
informative I hope you got a lot out of
it make sure you get to your local jet
pilot dealer and check out their range
you